[API][Behat] Add note about behat client changes (#14406)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-API-1.12.md

   has become nullable.

1. The `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Assigner\OrderPromoCodeAssignerInterface` has been renamed to `Sylius\Bundle\ApiBundle\Assigner\OrderPromotionCodeAssignerInterface`.

### API clients refactor

#### New way of defining the clients

In the `1.12` version we changed the way of defining API clients in our behat contexts.

> We expanded the  `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiClientInterface` methods with extra parameter `$resource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We extended the `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiClientInterface` methods with extra parameter `$resource`.
```

  
  -  public function customItemAction(string $id, string $type, string $action): Response;
  +  public function customItemAction(string $resource, string $id, string $type, string $action): Response;
  
  -  public function buildCreateRequest(): void;
  +  public function buildCreateRequest(string $resource): void;
  
  -  public function buildUpdateRequest(string $id): void;
  +  public function buildUpdateRequest(string $resource, string $id): void;
  
  -  public function buildUploadRequest(): void;
  +  public function buildUploadRequest(string $resource): void;
  ```

With this change, we reduced the number of clients from one per resource to only **two**, one for the `shop` section and one for the `admin`. To make a call for a specific resource you must pass it inside the methods shown above.
You can see the actual difference in the example below:

  ```diff
  -  $this->avatarImagesClient->buildUploadRequest();
  +  $this->client->buildUploadRequest(Resources::AVATAR_IMAGES);
  ```

The `Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Resources` class contains constants for all the defined resources.

> We also removed the `Sylius\Behat\ClientApiIriClient` alongside with `Sylius\Behat\ClientApiIriClientInterface` as it's no more used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also removed the `Sylius\Behat\Client\ApiPlatformIriClient` alongside with `Sylius\Behat\Client\ApiIriClientInterface` as it's no more used.
```

#### Changes in contexts

> The constructors of the behat contexts changed with the improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constructors of the behat contexts have changed in relation to the above improvements.
```
